welcome to courtesy Nissan where
courtesy isn't just our name it's how we
do business
this sleek 2003 Nissan 350z is equipped
with a responsive 3.5 liter v6 engine a
quick shifting transmission the fun of
rear-wheel drive and has 67,000 216
miles it's electronic and entertainment
features include an am/fm stereo with
the CD player and a 6 speaker and cabin
sound system it also gets an estimated
twenty six miles per gallon on the
highway and 20 in the city Carfax
estimates that this vehicle has had one
owner and for your comfort this Coupe
has an illuminated entry system and the
ventilation system with a recirculation
setting and not to mention that it also
qualifies for the CARFAX buyback
guarantee the safety features on this
vehicle include multistage deployment
driver and passenger front airbags with
occupant sensors and an on and off
switch for the passenger side airbag
Carfax has not received any information
indicating that the airbags have been
deployed please contact their
professional sales staff today to
schedule a test drive
come into courtesy Nissan we're located
at 1777 North Central Expressway and
Richardson's we're courtesy Nissan makes
the difference please make sure to ask
for our internet department so we can
honor our low internet prices
you